#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
bertopic==0.17.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via nltk
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
hdbscan==0.8.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.35.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   nltk
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   bertopic
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
narwhals==2.5.0
    # via plotly
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   contourpy
    #   hdbscan
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   seaborn
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
plotly==6.3.0
    # via bertopic
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.2.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentence-transformers==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
transformers==4.56.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
umap-learn==0.5.9.post2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bertopic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
