# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
atproto==0.0.52
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
boto3==1.34.38
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.162
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   atproto
    #   flask
    #   litellm
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via atproto
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   atproto
    #   pymongo
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.1
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.19.2
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.116.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   atproto
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.24.6
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via litellm
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   litellm
    #   torch
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.20
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.87
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
libipld==1.2.3
    # via atproto
litellm==1.44.5
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
openai==1.42.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
peewee==3.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
polars==0.20.7
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.0
    # via
    #   atproto
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.23.2
    # via pydantic
pymongo==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.34
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.2
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via litellm
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   transformers
torch==2.4.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.44.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   atproto
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pydantic
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
websockets==13.0.1
    # via atproto
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via flask
yarl==1.10.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.20.1
    # via importlib-metadata
