#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via litellm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.1
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.116.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.69.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via litellm
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   torch
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.20
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.87
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
litellm==1.59.10
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.25.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
openai==1.55.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==11.1.0
    # via sentence-transformers
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via litellm
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via litellm
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   litellm
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.44.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
