#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
filelock==3.14.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
huggingface-hub==0.23.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.17
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.36
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.50
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.53
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
newsapi-python==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
orjson==3.10.2
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==10.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.4.28
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   newsapi-python
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.40.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
