#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.25.8
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   google
    #   scrapegraphai
boto3==1.34.104
    # via langchain-aws
botocore==1.34.104
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.6
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0
    # via scrapegraphai
filelock==3.14.0
    # via huggingface-hub
free-proxy==1.1.1
    # via scrapegraphai
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via huggingface-hub
google==3.0.0
    # via scrapegraphai
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.3
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.129.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.5.3
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via scrapegraphai
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via playwright
groq==0.5.0
    # via langchain-groq
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via scrapegraphai
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
    #   yahoo-search-py
huggingface-hub==0.23.0
    # via tokenizers
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.15
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-anthropic==0.1.11
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-aws==0.1.3
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.52
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.3
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-groq==0.1.3
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-openai==0.1.6
    # via scrapegraphai
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.57
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.2.2
    # via free-proxy
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via dataclasses-json
minify-html==0.15.0
    # via scrapegraphai
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
openai==1.29.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via scrapegraphai
playwright==1.43.0
    # via scrapegraphai
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   yahoo-search-py
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pyee==11.1.0
    # via playwright
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via scrapegraphai
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.5.10
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   free-proxy
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   tiktoken
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.1
    # via boto3
scrapegraphai==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
selectolax==0.3.21
    # via yahoo-search-py
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.6.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   scrapegraphai
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via anthropic
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   scrapegraphai
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   yahoo-search-py
yahoo-search-py==0.3
    # via scrapegraphai
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
